alert-info
alert-success
alert-warning
alert-error

badge-primary      badge-xs 
badge-secondary    badge-sm 
badge-accent       badge-md 
badge-ghost        badge-lg 
badge-info                 
badge-success                 
badge-warning                 
badge-error                 

btn-primary      btn-xs 
btn-secondary    btn-sm 
btn-accent       btn-md 
btn-ghost        btn-lg 
btn-info                 
btn-success                 
btn-warning                 
btn-error                 
btn-link

dropdown-left
dropdown-top
dropdown-right
dropdown-bottm

progress-primary
progress-secondary
progress-accent
progress-ghost
progress-info
progress-success
progress-warning
progress-error

input-primary      input-xs 
input-secondary    input-sm 
input-accent       input-md 
input-ghost        input-lg 
input-info                 
input-success                 
input-warning                 
input-error                 


checkbox-primary      checkbox-xs 
checkbox-secondary    checkbox-sm 
checkbox-accent       checkbox-md 
checkbox-ghost        checkbox-lg 
checkbox-info                 
checkbox-success                 
checkbox-warning                 
checkbox-error                 

toggle-primary      toggle-xs 
toggle-secondary    toggle-sm 
toggle-accent       toggle-md 
toggle-ghost        toggle-lg 
toggle-info                 
toggle-success                 
toggle-warning                 
toggle-error                 


radio-primary      radio-xs 
radio-secondary    radio-sm 
radio-accent       radio-md 
radio-ghost        radio-lg 
radio-info                 
radio-success                 
radio-warning                 
radio-error   


range-primary      range-xs 
range-secondary    range-sm 
range-accent       range-md 
range-ghost        range-lg 
range-info                 
range-success                 
range-warning                 
range-error   

select-primary      select-xs 
select-secondary    select-sm 
select-accent       select-md 
select-ghost        select-lg 
select-info                 
select-success                 
select-warning                 
select-error   

textarea-primary
textarea-secondary
textarea-accent
textarea-ghost
textarea-info
textarea-success
textarea-warning
textarea-error

border-primary
border-secondary
border-accent
border-ghost
border-info
border-success
border-warning
border-error
border-link

tooltip-primary      tooltip-left 
tooltip-secondary    tooltip-top
tooltip-accent       tooltip-right
tooltip-ghost        tooltip-bottom
tooltip-info                 
tooltip-success                 
tooltip-warning                 
tooltip-error                 
tooltip-link

step-primary
step-secondary
step-accent
step-ghost
step-info
step-success
step-warning
step-error
step-link

h-[calc(100vh-4em)]